2014-04-29 13:38:47	-->	muricula (kronquii@osuosl/staff/muricula) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-04-29 13:38:47	--	Nicks #osuosl-dev: [bramwelt bryon chance deanj edunham jnoah kennric manatee mathuin muricula pono Ramereth tschuy]
2014-04-29 13:38:47	--	Channel #osuosl-dev: 13 nicks (0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 13 normals)
2014-04-29 13:38:47	--	URL for #osuosl-dev: http://code.osuosl.org
2014-04-29 13:38:50	--	Channel created on Thu, 14 Mar 2013 11:51:55
2014-04-29 13:40:25	kennric	mathuin: rest of the term - I realize you'll have to duck out early
2014-04-29 13:41:17	mathuin	*nod*
2014-04-29 13:43:08	kennric	as we take on more devs and the scheduling gets trickier, we may want to transition to team meetings for people working on the same projects
2014-04-29 14:16:33	muricula	bramwelt: Can you take a look at my orvsd-web PR?
2014-04-29 14:17:34	bramwelt	muricula: Can it wait until tomorrow?
2014-04-29 14:17:42	muricula	sur
2014-04-29 14:17:43	muricula	e
2014-04-29 14:19:06	bramwelt	!remindme 1080 Review orvsd-web PR
2014-04-29 14:19:06	manatee	bramwelt: ok...
2014-04-29 15:05:12	chance	ive got writing some data to the console working, needs fixing up though..
2014-04-29 15:37:17	kennric	http://animals.hypothetical.net - find out what kind of animal you are
2014-04-29 16:58:42	mathuin	These channels look just like a queue.
2014-04-29 16:59:05	mathuin	oh wait, more like a blocking queue of size one.
2014-04-29 16:59:43	mathuin	And the size changes with make.  Got it.
2014-04-29 19:51:59	chance	yep
2014-04-29 19:52:12	chance	you can have a non blocking channel though
2014-04-29 21:31:52		irc: disconnected from server
2014-04-30 12:40:32	-->	muricula (kronquii@osuosl/staff/muricula) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-04-30 12:40:32	--	Nicks #osuosl-dev: [bramwelt bryon chance deanj edunham jnoah kennric manatee mathuin muricula pono Ramereth tschuy]
2014-04-30 12:40:32	--	Channel #osuosl-dev: 13 nicks (0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 13 normals)
2014-04-30 12:40:32	--	Notice(verne.freenode.net): [freenode-info] channel trolls and no channel staff around to help? please check with freenode support: http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#gettinghelp
2014-04-30 12:40:32	--	URL for #osuosl-dev: http://code.osuosl.org
2014-04-30 12:40:34	--	Channel created on Thu, 14 Mar 2013 11:51:55
2014-04-30 13:25:32	muricula	bramwelt: thank's for looking at the PR, jnoah was talking about using a command built into our app to create the db tables. Is that within the perview of chef?
2014-04-30 13:26:35	muricula	also. should I do the encrypted databags stuff in another PR?
2014-04-30 13:40:35	chance	databags probably can be a seperate PR
2014-04-30 13:40:39	chance	its best to keep PRs very concise
2014-04-30 13:41:12	chance	as far as the other part, i think thats up to you both, if its idempotent and running it multiple times is okay, then its fine to be in chef, otherwise you can have CI run it
2014-04-30 14:36:08	jnoah	deanj: feel free to work on #16065
2014-04-30 14:36:13	jnoah	we can get that moved into 0.1
2014-04-30 14:36:26	jnoah	I'll work with muricula when he gets back on chef stuff in the mean time
2014-04-30 14:37:36	deanj	jnoah: In the middle of it now. I'm trying to figure out how I want to put the new object into #object_list (in the correct spot w/o writing my own sorted insert).
2014-04-30 15:06:25	deanj	jnoah: Why is install_course in category.py?
2014-04-30 15:06:54	deanj	Is it because it's /course/install?
2014-04-30 15:08:49	jnoah	deanj: yep
2014-04-30 15:09:18	jnoah	do you think it should be elsewhere?
2014-04-30 15:09:27	jnoah	I thought it fit since course is a category
2014-04-30 15:11:07	jnoah	kennric: can https://code.osuosl.org/issues/12861 be closed?
2014-04-30 15:12:11	kennric	I believe so - double check to make sure the google auth stuff in settings is pointing to the orvsd google org
2014-04-30 15:12:53	deanj	jnoah: Yeah, that's fine. We should change it to courses/install though.
2014-04-30 15:13:04	deanj	bleh, i'll make a bug for it.
2014-04-30 15:21:55	jnoah	ok
2014-04-30 15:25:52	jnoah	kennric: i'm unsure how all that is setup, how would I go about doing that?
2014-04-30 15:27:24	kennric	jnoah: thats a good question
2014-04-30 15:28:06	kennric	I am not sure hwo to work backwards on that, probably we'll need to look in the orvsd and osl orgs, check to see what apps they have setup for oauth and compare client ids
2014-04-30 15:35:02	kennric	google's ui just gets worse and worse, it should be easy to look up what your are allowing oath to
2014-04-30 15:37:33	muricula	bramwelt: are you in? I have a question about using knife to create databags.
2014-04-30 15:37:59	muricula	Really, do I need a chef private key to create databags, because knife seems to think so
2014-04-30 15:38:27	muricula	http://pastebin.osuosl.org/7021/
2014-04-30 15:38:37	muricula	chance: If you'd like to chime in.
2014-04-30 15:40:26	chance	you do
2014-04-30 15:40:32	chance	databags are encrypted
2014-04-30 15:40:35	kennric	jnoah: well, it's not authing against osl's google domain, so I am going to assume it is authing to orvsd's
2014-04-30 15:40:37	chance	well not always
2014-04-30 15:40:41	muricula	so should I use pgp to generate one?
2014-04-30 15:40:41	chance	but usually
2014-04-30 15:40:54	jnoah	kennric: i'm not sure I can check that
2014-04-30 15:41:04	chance	are you interactingw ith the chef server, or just storing the databags locally
2014-04-30 15:41:13	muricula	s/pgp/gpg/g
2014-04-30 15:41:44	jnoah	kennric: i'm not sure I have access to the osl developors console
2014-04-30 15:42:07	kennric	jnoah: I think I have access to orvsd's google org, but haven't found the right secret handshake to connect to it yet
2014-04-30 15:42:14	kennric	but it's not using osl's
2014-04-30 15:42:20	jnoah	ok
2014-04-30 15:43:08	kennric	it -says- it is orvsd int he settings file, I think we can trust it
2014-04-30 15:43:26	jnoah	that's scary, but will do
2014-04-30 15:43:37	jnoah	i'll close the bug then
2014-04-30 15:44:38	chance	muricula: http://docs.opscode.com/essentials_data_bags.html#encrypt-a-data-bag-item
2014-04-30 15:44:39	manatee	chance's tiny URL is http://bit.ly/1iBoIlR
2014-04-30 15:45:11	muricula	I was looking at that
2014-04-30 15:46:18	muricula	http://pastebin.osuosl.org/7026/
2014-04-30 15:46:26	muricula	chance: what should I choose?
2014-04-30 15:46:37	chance	depends
2014-04-30 15:46:43	chance	are you storing secrets that are really secret?
2014-04-30 15:46:52	muricula	possibly
2014-04-30 15:46:56	chance	if so, you should use encrypted databags
2014-04-30 15:47:13	muricula	yes, I will, but to generate databags I think I need keys
2014-04-30 15:47:24	muricula	(encrypted ones at least)
2014-04-30 15:47:41	chance	you need to get the key from the infra-restricted repo
2014-04-30 15:47:47	chance	which is on fir
2014-04-30 15:47:49	muricula	so what's the protocol for this? Actually, never mind, I'll go ask in  infra
2014-04-30 16:11:29	bramwelt	muricula: Yes, you need the secret-key file from fir.
2014-04-30 17:16:58	muricula	jnoah: So minus the encrypted databags and database setup the environment should be ready to roll. There is one particular piece of configuration magic I'll need to explain, but that's easy
2014-04-30 17:17:09	muricula	(I'll be documenting it tomorrow)
2014-04-30 18:28:59	muricula	jnoah: so running initdb requires a working config file, which is not distributed in the app, so I cannot add it to the chef cookbook.
2014-04-30 18:30:14	muricula	You can go ahead and use the current master version of the cookbook, everything works except for encrypted databags
2014-04-30 18:30:53	muricula	kennric: you may want to read this too ^^
2014-04-30 21:11:10	chance	you should make your config file read from environmental variables
2014-04-30 21:11:15	chance	if they're not set
2014-04-30 21:11:28	chance	like in a settings/base.py
2014-04-30 21:11:44	chance	and that would then import your normal settings file
2014-04-30 21:11:51	chance	and catch the exception if it doesnt exist
2014-04-30 21:12:10	chance	then you dont have to worry so much about distributing a settings file
2014-04-30 21:12:12	chance	for some cases
2014-05-01 09:36:15	kennric	muricula: datbase init and the config file are on the other side of that config management/deployment line - the chef cookbook doesn't necessarily have to do those things, just set everything up so that it is easy for a deployment script to do those things
2014-05-01 09:38:16	kennric	and environmment variables are a nice way to go for config, but they don't solve your problem - you still have to get the secrets onto the system to set the env variables, and database init won't work without the secrets, so you've just changed where you are putting the secrets
2014-05-01 09:39:05	kennric	env variable based settings is on my list of things to do to orvsd_central, but it's not in place yet
2014-05-01 09:43:49	mathuin	One benefit from putting the secrets in environment variables is making it harder to accidentally commit them to public repositories.
2014-05-01 09:44:19	mathuin	At the same time, they do need to be set automatically so they do need to be stored somewhere on the file system I imagine.
2014-05-01 09:55:35	kennric	in my own projects, I have uwsgi load them from a file, which I manually add to the system - easy for a single system, but not so convenient for a generic deployment
2014-05-01 09:57:41	kennric	mathuin: do you mind joining #gantei-webmgr for a minute?
2014-05-01 10:12:32	kennric	chance: markednumber has some more input on gwm vnc over in #ganeti-webmgr
2014-05-01 11:44:31	jnoah	deanj: how goes #16065? (iirc, that's what you last picked up)
2014-05-01 11:45:21	jnoah	chance: is there a doc or something to look at for possible featers for fenestra?
2014-05-01 11:45:31	jnoah	kennric: ^
2014-05-01 11:46:59	kennric	not really, as far as I know, just a list of possibilities written up at the hackathon plannign meeting
2014-05-01 11:47:54	kennric	there are some issues files on the original project on code.o.o https://code.osuosl.org/projects/fenestra/issues
2014-05-01 11:48:33	jnoah	yeah, looking there and everyithng is either resolved or in progress
2014-05-01 11:49:33	jnoah	kennric: do we have a repo for the code that I can check out?
2014-05-01 11:49:43	jnoah	one isn't listed on the project page
2014-05-01 11:49:49	kennric	lets have a little dashboard meeting and figure out where we are putting issues, write up a feature list, etc
2014-05-01 11:49:50	chance	jnoah: i told you dean has it
2014-05-01 11:49:52	kennric	https://github.com/osuosl/fenestra
2014-05-01 11:50:16	jnoah	oh, we're starting there. ok :)
2014-05-01 11:50:43	kennric	well, apparently - we need to get together and decide what we are doing, and treat this like an actual project
2014-05-01 11:50:45	jnoah	are we moving issues over since we aren't billing for time on this project?
2014-05-01 11:51:22	kennric	but yeah, thats where it lives, and I think we'll resolve/close those on code and all new ones shoudl go into github
2014-05-01 11:51:46	kennric	whatever people are working on for it shoudl be reflected by issues, but it looks like no one has created any on github
2014-05-01 11:57:36	jnoah	yeah
2014-05-01 12:01:54	-->	lucyw (wymanl@osuosl/staff/lucyw) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-01 12:13:56	kennric	lucyw: do you have selenium tests for the features you are working on?
2014-05-01 12:15:36	lucyw	Er...no.  Selenium tests?
2014-05-01 12:15:46	jnoah	kennric: i can show her
2014-05-01 12:15:57	lucyw	Or, I haven't worked with Selenium before, is a better way of putting it
2014-05-01 12:17:22	kennric	it's not hard, you can use it to record a script of your interactions on the web page, then a test runner can run that script
2014-05-01 12:18:27	lucyw	kennric: Ok, sweet :)
2014-05-01 13:01:20	mathuin	kennric: sorry I was out when you sent that. :-)
2014-05-01 13:03:14	kennric	mathuin: no problem, a gwm user asking about the vnc issues
2014-05-01 13:43:12	jnoah	chance: i've done 'npm install -g bower' and bower is not being found now. (bower install -> command not found)
2014-05-01 13:43:31	jnoah	do i need to source anything like a virtualenv or something?
2014-05-01 14:04:14	kennric	jnoah: how did you install npm?
2014-05-01 14:05:10	jnoah	already on the machine
2014-05-01 14:05:16	jnoah	(unknown)
2014-05-01 14:06:07	kennric	sounds like a path problem - there isn't a venv like thing, but you do need to make sure it is putting things on your path, or put it's path in your env
2014-05-01 14:37:50	chance	jnoah: fix your path
2014-05-01 14:38:07	chance	if you cant find bower, then your global node path isnt set up
2014-05-01 14:38:17	chance	how do you have node installed?
2014-05-01 14:38:22	jnoah	chance: i didn't do it
2014-05-01 14:38:25	jnoah	node was on the machine
2014-05-01 14:38:28	chance	what version of node
2014-05-01 14:39:05	jnoah	v0.10.26
2014-05-01 14:41:11	chance	by default, the global node_modules folder is in /usr/lib/node_modules, and /usr/lib/ should be in your path
2014-05-01 14:41:58	chance	so you should check if bower is being installed there, or somewhere else
2014-05-01 14:42:18	chance	you can also install bower non globally
2014-05-01 14:42:21	chance	without -g
2014-05-01 14:42:45	chance	NODE_PATH=/usr/lib/nodejs:/usr/lib/node_modules:/usr/share/javascript
2014-05-01 14:43:35	chance	thats not something i set
2014-05-01 14:43:43	chance	but its in the results of `env`
2014-05-01 14:44:39	chance	should read up on npm modules and installing them
2014-05-01 14:46:13	jnoah	yeah, i guess i will
2014-05-01 14:52:09	deanj	jnoah: It goes; I'll try to finish it up tomorrow.
2014-05-01 14:53:55	deanj	Fenestra google doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G5wfvZlda7aabRNwu5Jlw8MBICGt7qO0OmB5ZFxsiCY/edit
2014-05-01 14:54:01	deanj	kennric, jnoah ^
2014-05-01 14:55:42	kennric	chance, jnoah, deanj: lets get that document into some kind of official project documentation - make a docs directory in the project and start a roadmap, or goals or similar document
2014-05-01 14:59:04	kennric	https://github.com/osuosl/fenestra/issues/1
2014-05-01 14:59:36	jnoah	how about we just add it to the project wiki and make individual issues from it?
2014-05-01 14:59:53	chance	deanj: please just put that into the shared OSL drive
2014-05-01 14:59:55	chance	for the org
2014-05-01 15:00:42	kennric	one or the other - but google docs is not a permanent home
2014-05-01 15:01:09	kennric	but in either case, we do need to start the project docs
2014-05-01 15:01:22	chance	i think for ideas and things, since this is pretty internal, we should just go with drive for now since its easiest
2014-05-01 15:01:57	chance	for docs/usage those should definitely get their own docs, but i dont how much we need. might just be enough to add to the github wiki or the readme
2014-05-01 15:02:45	kennric	it needs to be connected to the project, either the wiki or a docs directory, google docs are not the place
2014-05-01 15:04:08	kennric	if you only want to pull items out and make issues for them, then trash the doc, that's fine too, but I do not want that file floating around on google docs for weeks
2014-05-01 15:04:14	mathuin	If the project is living on github, then the document should live on github.  Some of that stuff would work in README.md, some would work on issues, some may fit on a wiki.
2014-05-01 15:05:14	kennric	I am not fond of project wikis myself, because those don't live in the repo, but I concede they are more flexible for planning and ideas
2014-05-01 15:06:53	chance	i just think for something at its current stage its a lot of extra work to maintain a docs structure
2014-05-01 15:06:58	chance	especially just to add ideas
2014-05-01 15:06:59	kennric	also, please start creating issue for the code you are working on, there are still open issues on code - either resolve/close those, or migrate them to github
2014-05-01 15:08:44	kennric	let try to do this right - putting off docs is a recipe for never having good docs. It's not a big effort to create a directory and document what other developers will need to know about the project
2014-05-01 15:09:14	kennric	I've watched this proicess play out many times
2014-05-01 15:09:45	kennric	even if there is not much to put in it now
2014-05-01 15:10:19	kennric	ideas are fine on the wiki, but documentation about existing code should be in the project
2014-05-01 15:11:22	kennric	if nothing else, link to the Dashing docs and put a note in about our initial changes to that project (javascript library, etc)
2014-05-01 16:41:58	muricula	bramwelt: can you please review my latest PR?
2014-05-01 16:42:38	muricula	kennric: Assuming the PR gets merged in there is nothing more I know to do on the orvsd-web cookbook.
2014-05-01 16:44:04	kennric	muricula: thats great
2014-05-01 16:46:08	kennric	muricula: do you have something to work on next?
2014-05-01 16:46:32	muricula	well, there is the moodle stuff...
2014-05-01 16:46:50	muricula	What else needs to get done?
2014-05-01 16:47:02	kennric	there is the pdu project
2014-05-01 16:47:18	kennric	so, python cli stuff, or php? What sounds more appealing?
2014-05-01 16:47:25	muricula	python cli
2014-05-01 16:47:40	kennric	come to my office and I'll explain
2014-05-01 16:48:04	muricula	sure, just a minute
2014-05-01 20:21:40	bramwelt	muricula: Sure can, it will just have to wait till tomorrow. :(
2014-05-02 01:29:48	-->	kennric_ (kennric@osuosl/staff/kennric) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-02 01:34:41	<--	kennric (kennric@osuosl/staff/kennric) has quit (*.net *.split)
2014-05-02 01:34:55	<--	edunham (dunhame@osuosl/staff/edunham) has quit (*.net *.split)
2014-05-02 08:27:13	-->	edunham (dunhame@osuosl/staff/edunham) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-02 09:32:57	--	kennric_ is now known as kennric
2014-05-02 09:33:50	bramwelt	muricula: Data bags are not part of a cookbook, but the chef-repo. We have a seperate repo for them as well.
2014-05-02 09:33:55	bramwelt	see: https://docs.osuosl.org/config-management/chef/workstation-configuration.html
2014-05-02 09:34:04	bramwelt	if you don't have these setup.
2014-05-02 09:37:45	bramwelt	muricula: I'm not sure 'create_secret_key' is required, as the mysql cookbook might have something for this, and we normally just run 'pwgen' and add the passwords to a databag.
2014-05-02 09:38:40	bramwelt	I'll check in with you later, if you're around.
2014-05-02 10:15:33	muricula	bramwelt: I'll be around after noonish.
2014-05-02 13:27:18	Ramereth	any objections if I push out a vagrant update to 1.5.x?
2014-05-02 13:27:20	Ramereth	this afternoon
2014-05-02 13:36:59	chance	nope, fine with me
2014-05-02 13:37:43	muricula	deanj: do you have some sort of chef moodle install cookbook?
2014-05-02 13:39:49	Ramereth	there will be a bit of conversion that happens the first time you run it
2014-05-02 13:40:01	Ramereth	i recommend you remove any unused vagrant boxes now before we upgrade
2014-05-02 13:45:09	muricula	jnoah: I'm triaging some ORVSD stuff and I have some questions. Is bug 15927 still an issue? I thought it was reviewed and merged in. 
2014-05-02 13:45:59	muricula	is feature 15369 a duplicate of the (now resolved) feature 15387
2014-05-02 13:46:03	muricula	?
2014-05-02 13:47:18	muricula	Have the tests for util.py I wrote a long time ago been merged in?
2014-05-02 13:52:44	jnoah	muricula: i'll have to take a look at 15927. since you were the one reviewing, it was on you to merge it in and close the bug.
2014-05-02 13:55:03	jnoah	I closed 15387 as it did look like a duplicate
2014-05-02 13:56:42	jnoah	muricula: and no, the tests for util.py has not been merged. it's still has a status of "in progress." if it's ready for review, assign it to someone to review and change the status to "needs review"
2014-05-02 14:09:23	deanj	muricula: Yes... somewhere. I'll try to find it for you.
2014-05-02 14:21:44	Ramereth	i'm pushing out the vagrant update to the osl repo
2014-05-02 20:22:34	bryon	joan jett and the blackhearts
2014-05-02 20:22:52	bryon	wat
2014-05-02 20:23:12	bryon	disregard, irssi fail
2014-05-03 01:04:18	<--	chance (~ecnahc515@osuosl/staff/ecnahc515) has quit (*.net *.split)
2014-05-03 01:04:21	<--	jnoah (~brutal_ch@osuosl/staff/brutal-chaos) has quit (*.net *.split)
2014-05-03 01:06:51	-->	jnoah (~brutal_ch@osuosl/staff/brutal-chaos) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-04 12:12:46	-->	chance (~ecnahc515@osuosl/staff/ecnahc515) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-04 12:12:58	chance	so
2014-05-04 12:13:04	chance	i just found out that github wikis are also git repos
2014-05-04 12:13:12	chance	just an interesting tidbit
2014-05-04 12:13:26	chance	now if only issues were repos
2014-05-05 09:51:14	kennric	chance: that's good to know
2014-05-05 09:58:49	jnoah	kennric: hey, bryon and are in the balcony seating
2014-05-05 10:27:37	kennric	jnoah: I'm down on the floor, I'll spot you guys at lunch maybe
2014-05-05 12:08:15	chance	man vagrant berkshelf takes its time T.T
2014-05-06 02:50:42	<--	manatee (manatee@ash.osuosl.org) has quit (*.net *.split)
2014-05-06 03:22:16	-->	manatee (manatee@ash.osuosl.org) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-06 09:50:50	kennric	I think I offically hate bouncy floors for conference seating. I know this isn't a common problem, but the next time I go to a conference in a ballroom with sprung floors, I think I'll sit in the balcony
2014-05-06 10:50:33	bryon	you feeling every step that every other person takes?
2014-05-06 13:35:26	jnoah	muricula: did you get the answers you needed/
2014-05-06 13:35:57	jnoah	/ -> ?
2014-05-06 13:36:07	muricula	damn arrows
2014-05-06 13:36:12	muricula	yes, I think
2014-05-06 13:54:46	muricula	kennric: I played with curses a little today, that's fairly straightforwards, but I', not quite getting the snmp stuff. Tomorrow I'll ask you more about it, maybe I can start talking to the actual devices/
2014-05-06 14:16:25	jnoah	kennric: how're your ears? did you survive green eggs and ham?
2014-05-07 09:34:09	kennric	muricula: sure, I'll be around
2014-05-07 10:50:13	jnoah	chance: do we have atom on all the workstations yet?
2014-05-07 10:51:50	 *	jnoah is genuinely curious and wants to try it out
2014-05-07 10:52:07	chance	jnoah: i have it on the one i use
2014-05-07 10:52:10	chance	its a resource hog
2014-05-07 10:52:18	chance	so i havent really bothered on others
2014-05-07 10:52:22	chance	you also have to build it
2014-05-07 10:52:26	chance	another reason
2014-05-07 10:52:30	chance	it isnt hard to build though
2014-05-07 10:56:34	jnoah	i'll probably stick with vim for the most part, but atom does seem nice to play around with
2014-05-07 11:03:26	chance	yeah, im not super happy with its vim-mode
2014-05-07 11:03:30	chance	but it's alright
2014-05-07 11:03:32	chance	could be way worse
2014-05-07 11:18:31	jnoah	and it seems impossible to build on windows currently :/
2014-05-07 11:35:15	jnoah	chance: i kid you not, atom is running into file path too long issues on windows
2014-05-07 11:40:46	chance	not surprised
2014-05-07 11:40:52	chance	lots of hard coded limits on things atm
2014-05-07 11:41:10	chance	like 2Mb files max
2014-05-07 11:41:20	chance	web browsers solve some problems, cause others.
2014-05-07 11:41:28	chance	DOMs are slow
2014-05-07 12:49:33	muricula	kennric: I don't have a key to ssh to fir.
2014-05-07 13:04:30	chance	Ramereth: for testing the packer builder stuff, is it possible you could setup a simple VM without logins or something similar to what it'll be running on?
2014-05-07 13:04:56	chance	im having a hard time testing writing boot_commands since i cant tell if its working because of the login prompt might be causing issues
2014-05-07 13:31:42	Ramereth	chance: let me think about the best way to get you to use the env as its supposed to be..
2014-05-07 13:37:56	chance	i mean
2014-05-07 13:38:06	chance	if you could just auto log me into a console when i connect via serial
2014-05-07 13:38:08	chance	that would be perfect
2014-05-07 13:38:10	chance	at the end of boot
2014-05-07 13:38:29	chance	cirros doesnt have /usr/bin/agetty, and i was looking into it, bu tyeah
2014-05-07 13:38:34	chance	i think my input is being sent at least
2014-05-07 13:38:38	chance	just cant verify much else
2014-05-07 13:38:46	chance	stupid login prompts >.<
2014-05-07 14:34:31	jnoah	kennric: so i'm at 16 hours right now. I'll be in for the meeting then 3 hours on Friday.
2014-05-07 14:35:11	kennric	jnoah: ok
2014-05-07 14:50:06	jnoah	deanj: since i have only 3 hours left in the week. any particular time you'd like me to come in for orvsd stuff?
2014-05-07 14:50:18	jnoah	muricula: ^
2014-05-07 14:56:01	chance	jnoah: im pretty sure dean mostly comes in on tues/thurs but
2014-05-07 14:56:04	chance	verify with him
2014-05-07 14:56:14	chance	jnoah: are you coming in for the meeting @ 4?
2014-05-07 14:56:31	jnoah	yes
2014-05-07 14:56:41	jnoah	i have the meeting + 3hrs left
2014-05-07 15:10:01	deanj	jnoah: Friday anytime works.
2014-05-07 15:10:28	deanj	jnoah: To be safe, 1 - 4 pm is probably best.
2014-05-07 16:00:56	deanj	jnoah: Dev meeting!!!!
2014-05-07 17:30:43	kennric	muricula: in the dev branch, there is also a design doc in the ref directory
2014-05-07 17:32:54	kennric	muricula: example scripts on which that script is based: http://pysnmp.sourceforge.net/examples/current/index.html
2014-05-07 17:32:55	manatee	kennric's tiny URL is http://bit.ly/1lZUSap
2014-05-07 17:33:10	kennric	(note, only one param in  cmdgen.CommunityData)
2014-05-08 00:44:32	jnoah	bramwelt: i'll be in early on Friday for some delicious coffee. Feel free to use the coffee tools in the mean time :)
2014-05-08 00:44:57	jnoah	(or at anytime)
2014-05-08 09:42:28	mathuin	Just saw my GSoC student ask in #django for tips on the conversion. :-)
2014-05-08 09:44:02	kennric	mathuin: he needs to come up with a checklist of things that need conversion, otherwise it is going to be a rabbit hole
2014-05-08 09:44:43	mathuin	kennric: and I told him the best way to do *that* was to go through the code and figure out which is live and which is dead.
2014-05-08 09:44:49	mathuin	Which he can really only do by going through it with me.
2014-05-08 09:44:59	mathuin	But I'm excited that he's getting started.
2014-05-08 09:45:07	kennric	and which is just numb because we've been sleepign on it
2014-05-08 09:45:17	kennric	yeah, glad to see some action there
2014-05-08 09:45:26	mathuin	How are the other students?
2014-05-08 09:46:03	kennric	pmittal is getting into things, I don't know about pono's student
2014-05-08 10:44:24	pono	kennric: pong
2014-05-08 13:11:24	chance	pono: hows your GSOC student? talked to him lately
2014-05-08 13:11:27	chance	?
2014-05-08 13:11:59	chance	also, kennric it looks like GWM never had migrations on the ganeti_web app after piotrs changes. apparently all the old models still existed in the schema O_o
2014-05-08 13:12:23	pono	chance: Yep
2014-05-08 13:16:01	kennric	chance: that's ugly, but fixable at least
2014-05-08 13:19:24	chance	yeah.
2014-05-08 13:19:32	chance	and someone sent an email to the mailing list
2014-05-08 13:19:36	chance	looking into his issues now
2014-05-08 13:19:40	chance	but todays a short day for me
2014-05-08 13:23:34	chance	interesting...
2014-05-08 13:23:41	chance	so the schema migrations in the other apps actually do handle this
2014-05-08 13:24:10	chance	but running the command to generate schemamigrations on the ganeti_web app doesn't notice
2014-05-08 13:24:20	kennric	hmm
2014-05-08 13:36:51	chance	ugh
2014-05-08 13:36:56	chance	i think he did the migration wrong
2014-05-08 13:37:13	chance	he put initial migration in the new app
2014-05-08 13:37:19	chance	which did the renaming of the table
2014-05-08 13:37:32	chance	but i think those should have all been put into the ganeti_web migrations
2014-05-08 13:38:36	chance	but im verifying
2014-05-08 13:38:38	chance	not sure
2014-05-08 13:39:00	kennric	can we sort it out without having to re-write migrations?
2014-05-08 13:41:38	chance	we're fine, he did it right, basically i just needed to find the first initial migration, in this case the first migration in the chain was authentication, where he renamed some tables in ganeti_web_TABLENAME to authentication_TABLENAME
2014-05-08 13:41:57	chance	and what i had to do was make an empty migration in ganeti_web which depends on the authentication migration
2014-05-08 13:42:07	kennric	ah, good
2014-05-08 13:42:32	chance	since all the other initial migrations for each table rename depend on authentication, when it goes and does ganeti_web, it'll do all those first
2014-05-08 13:42:39	chance	and then realize that there's nothing left in the chain
2014-05-08 13:42:48	chance	so now ganeti_web doesn't think it need's its schema changes
2014-05-08 13:42:50	chance	:)
2014-05-08 13:43:09	chance	learning experience :)
2014-05-08 13:43:12	chance	http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1258130/how-do-i-migrate-a-model-out-of-one-django-app-and-into-a-new-one
2014-05-08 13:43:14	chance	helped
2014-05-08 13:43:14	manatee	chance's tiny URL is http://bit.ly/1nlV0TQ
2014-05-08 13:43:39	chance	look at the 0003_drop_cat migration, does literally nothing, so that example helped
2014-05-08 13:47:52	chance	tschuy: i fixed the migration problem. you need to git pull --rebase origin develop on your branch which needs the newest changes that i've made
2014-05-08 13:48:10	chance	it'll basically pull the latest changes in on develop, and then move all your commits to be after these changes
2014-05-08 13:48:23	chance	other people can explain the git pull --rebase stuff as well.
2014-05-08 13:56:57	kennric	chance, tschuy: if there are GWM things that need some documentation help, feel free to start teaming up on that, you don't have to wait for the doc sprint
2014-05-08 17:08:55	tschuy	chance; I synced your changes and cleaned up my code a little, and ran it from scratch to make sure it still works
2014-05-08 18:14:23	chance	cool
2014-05-08 18:14:51	chance	when your done, just make sure its all commited, push it to it's own branch on the remote
2014-05-08 18:15:02	chance	then update the issue to needs review and assign it to me
2014-05-08 23:57:53	-->	kennric_ (kennric@osuosl/staff/kennric) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-08 23:57:55	<--	kennric (kennric@osuosl/staff/kennric) has quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)
2014-05-09 10:23:34	Ramereth	I've got a pretty simple PR I'd like someone to help me with if they have time today
2014-05-09 10:23:45	Ramereth	it'll be in ruby (omnibus patches)
2014-05-09 10:24:51	Ramereth	https://github.com/opscode/omnibus-ruby/issues/155
2014-05-09 10:25:09	Ramereth	the related issue is also referenced
2014-05-09 11:05:20	--	kennric_ is now known as kennric
2014-05-09 12:09:57	muricula	I'm getting strings as a response from the pdus over snmp. Is it safe to commit those directly to a temporary in memory database? I don't think they can be tampered with unless you rename pdus or change udp packets.
2014-05-09 12:10:30	muricula	I want to prevent a bobby tables style attack.
2014-05-09 12:12:21	kennric	if you use sqlalchemy and parameterize your queries, you should be safe either way
2014-05-09 12:12:53	muricula	so right now I'm not using sqlalchemy, should I?
2014-05-09 12:15:05	kennric	might be worth it, I think the pdus lend themselves to being models
2014-05-09 12:15:19	muricula	alright
2014-05-09 12:22:11	chance	sqlalchemy is nice in general even if you dont use the mapper, its got a really powerful sql abstraction layer, still able to use sql, but allows for some of sqlalchemy's other features
2014-05-09 13:31:09	chance	kennric: there's a bug in 0.10.2 with creating VMs from templates
2014-05-09 13:31:48	chance	it's pretty easy of a fix, it was introduced by me in a bug fix 9 months ago. apparently i tested it on staging and even wrote some tests, but i think i didnt write tests for this particular part since we were having a mocking problem :|
2014-05-09 13:31:55	chance	but anyways, its https://code.osuosl.org/issues/16149
2014-05-09 13:37:31	chance	although the bugs are embarrassingly obvious, i dont know how they got around me. i must have explicitly not tested creating a vm with a template,..which seems odd to me
2014-05-09 13:37:42	chance	but 9 months ago i cant really remember :\
2014-05-09 13:38:40	kennric	chance: well, get it fixed...
2014-05-09 20:35:30	<--	chance (~ecnahc515@osuosl/staff/ecnahc515) has quit (Remote host closed the connection)
2014-05-09 20:41:18	-->	chance (~ecnahc515@osuosl/staff/ecnahc515) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-09 20:44:25	<--	chance (~ecnahc515@osuosl/staff/ecnahc515) has quit (Remote host closed the connection)
2014-05-09 20:47:08	-->	chance (~ecnahc515@osuosl/staff/ecnahc515) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-09 21:14:04	<--	chance (~ecnahc515@osuosl/staff/ecnahc515) has quit (Remote host closed the connection)
2014-05-09 21:19:12	-->	chance (~ecnahc515@osuosl/staff/ecnahc515) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-10 00:45:50	<--	chance (~ecnahc515@osuosl/staff/ecnahc515) has quit (Ping timeout: 258 seconds)
2014-05-10 14:30:08	<--	ChanServ has kicked tschuy (You are not authorized to be on this channel)
2014-05-10 22:43:50	-->	chance (~ecnahc515@osuosl/staff/ecnahc515) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-11 19:04:17		irc: disconnected from server
2014-05-11 19:04:53	--	#osuosl-dev: Cannot join channel (+i) - you must be invited
2014-05-14 12:53:20	muricula	test
2014-05-14 12:53:20	--	#osuosl-dev: Cannot send to channel
2014-05-14 12:55:00	-->	muricula (kronquii@osuosl/staff/muricula) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-14 12:55:00	--	Nicks #osuosl-dev: [bramwelt bryon chance deanj edunham jnoah kennric manatee MaraJade mathuin muricula pono Ramereth]
2014-05-14 12:55:00	--	Channel #osuosl-dev: 13 nicks (0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 13 normals)
2014-05-14 12:55:00	--	Notice(hobana.freenode.net): [freenode-info] channel trolls and no channel staff around to help? please check with freenode support: http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#gettinghelp
2014-05-14 12:55:00	--	URL for #osuosl-dev: http://code.osuosl.org
2014-05-14 12:55:02	--	Channel created on Thu, 14 Mar 2013 11:51:55
2014-05-14 12:59:35	mathuin	Ramereth: pong
2014-05-14 13:06:33	jnoah	deanj: sounds good
2014-05-14 13:07:16	jnoah	i'm getting lunch but will be in soon
2014-05-14 13:11:55	deanj	Mmm, lunch sounds good :p
2014-05-14 13:24:51	-->	pop_n_fresh (voigte@osuosl/staff/popnfresh) has joined #osuosl-dev
2014-05-14 13:56:58	chance	mathuin: i heard you saw my tearing apart in #go-nuts?
2014-05-14 13:57:05	mathuin	chance: yeah, they were totally rough.
2014-05-14 13:57:19	chance	im pretty hardskinned
2014-05-14 13:57:24	chance	so im not too hurt :)
2014-05-14 13:57:46	chance	i think it turns a lot of people off (or maybe on) when you talk about running commands remotely over a console
2014-05-14 13:57:53	chance	to automate
2014-05-14 13:58:01	chance	even though thats what ansible does..
2014-05-14 13:58:04	mathuin	The hardest part is explaining the need for serial to a VM that's not up enough for VNC to work.
2014-05-14 13:58:10	chance	yeah
2014-05-14 13:58:15	chance	i dont know enough about the details
2014-05-14 13:58:40	chance	i was generally hoping people might know where i need to look to be writing data to a terminal on the other end
2014-05-14 13:58:44	chance	and they helped!
2014-05-14 13:58:47	chance	vt100 and things
2014-05-14 13:58:54	chance	although i think they were a bit upset i asked there.
2014-05-14 13:59:06	mathuin	It was a little off-topic towards the end.
2014-05-14 13:59:29	chance	the guys who i was conversing with ive talked to a bunch before, so they've seen me around, before  now
2014-05-14 14:00:27	mathuin	That helps a lot.
2014-05-14 14:00:41	chance	yeah, so they didnt think i was a *total* idiot i dont think
2014-05-14 14:06:09	chance	mathuin: how to send vt-100 control sequences?
2014-05-14 14:06:14	chance	http://www.handshake.de/infobase/dfue/prgrmmer/t322.htm
2014-05-14 14:06:17	chance	say like ESC [ K
2014-05-14 14:06:25	chance	that erases to end of line (apparently)
2014-05-14 14:06:31	chance	but hitting those keys does not do that
2014-05-14 14:06:33	mathuin	That's literally the ASCII values for the escape character, open hard brace, and capital K
2014-05-14 14:06:43	chance	right
2014-05-14 14:06:49	mathuin	Hitting keys is not the same as sending the characters.
2014-05-14 14:06:52	chance	oh
2014-05-14 14:06:54	mathuin	I think ESC gets escaped on that level.
2014-05-14 14:07:03	Ramereth	mathuin: are your hours up to date for pgd?
2014-05-14 14:07:38	mathuin	Ramereth: I think so, but I will check today.  What range should I examine?
2014-05-14 14:08:31	Ramereth	at least through march
2014-05-14 14:08:56	mathuin	Okay.  How do I log hours spent working on/with the student?
2014-05-14 14:09:11	mathuin	(Those should be after March, of course.)
2014-05-14 14:24:15	chance	mathuin: back to the other thing, do you know how i would write an escape sequence over the wire?
2014-05-14 14:24:23	chance	im seeing esc == 033 in octal
2014-05-14 14:25:08	mathuin	Yeah, dec 27, hex 0x1B
2014-05-14 14:25:22	mathuin	The same as you would send any other individual character.
2014-05-14 14:26:26	chance	so for escape, i just send string(int(033)) basically
2014-05-14 14:27:10	chance	so like ESC ] n D moves the cursor 'n' to the left
2014-05-14 14:28:21	mathuin	[ not ] but yeah
2014-05-14 14:39:41	Ramereth	mathuin: think you could track that on a single bug so I can filter it out later if I need to?
2014-05-14 14:40:34	chance	urg i cant get the escape sequences to work
2014-05-14 14:50:00	chance	Ramereth: do you understand VT100 control sequences?
2014-05-14 14:51:05	Ramereth	not really, other than what's in man pages
2014-05-14 14:51:06	Ramereth	why?
2014-05-14 14:51:10	chance	i dont understand them
2014-05-14 14:51:17	mathuin	[single bug to track student time] Yes, I'll create them.
2014-05-14 14:51:43	chance	im reading the sequences yet im still unable to figure out how to use them
2014-05-14 14:53:28	Ramereth	do we still want to have a dev meeting today? I can run it if so
2014-05-14 14:55:44	deanj	Ramereth: I'm not sure what we need to meet up about; you know most of what we've all been working on. Maybe a quick meeting to make sure the new devs aren't having any issues/trouble?
2014-05-14 14:56:59	mathuin	Introductions for the two newest devs too maybe?
2014-05-14 15:00:24	Ramereth	ya, i think that would be great
2014-05-14 15:00:36	Ramereth	want to gather the forces? Are all the new devs here?
2014-05-14 15:00:47	chance	nope none of them are atm
2014-05-14 15:00:53	chance	plus our meeting is at 4
2014-05-14 15:01:09	chance	eli should be back by 4
2014-05-14 15:01:11	chance	so should evan
2014-05-14 15:01:15	chance	i dont know about megan
2014-05-14 15:01:20	Ramereth	did it get changed to 4 for the rest of the term?
2014-05-14 15:01:36	Ramereth	because the calendar says otherwise
2014-05-14 15:02:07	 *	Ramereth checks the conf rm schedule
2014-05-14 15:02:08	mathuin	The meeting is scheduled for three on the calendar, but for the past two weeks it has been shifted to four due to scheduling difficulties for new folks.
2014-05-14 15:02:21	chance	yes, ken said he fixed the calendar..but didnt
2014-05-14 15:02:29	chance	so idk
2014-05-14 15:02:49	Ramereth	according to the conf rm its still at 3
2014-05-14 15:03:06	Ramereth	i'm fine doing it at 4 i just saw it was at 3 in the calendar
2014-05-14 15:04:22	chance	idk
2014-05-14 15:04:30	chance	should coordinate that with ken when he gets back
2014-05-14 15:06:46	Ramereth	will the new folks be here at 4?
2014-05-14 15:07:20	chance	at least pop_n_fresh and evan
2014-05-14 15:08:30	Ramereth	k, lets plan on doing a quick meeting at 4 then
2014-05-14 15:33:27	chance	Ramereth: i cant figure out what mingetty uses for its terminal type, in terms of vt100 vt52 or other things
2014-05-14 15:33:30	chance	how would i find this?
2014-05-14 15:33:42	chance	i looked up agetty and getty as well but im still unsure
2014-05-14 15:34:47	chance	is it the same thing $TERM says?
2014-05-14 15:34:50	Ramereth	yes
2014-05-14 15:34:59	chance	so what exactly is 'linux'
2014-05-14 15:35:35	Ramereth	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POSIX_terminal_interface
2014-05-14 15:37:17	chance	okay, interesting
2014-05-14 15:37:28	Ramereth	man terminfo might be helpful too
2014-05-14 15:37:35	chance	could this vary depending on the host you use serial console on?
2014-05-14 15:38:39	Ramereth	possibly
2014-05-14 15:38:45	Ramereth	but usually the linux ones should be the same
2014-05-14 15:41:04	chance	im still kind of lost on how to use this information to determine how to perform arrow key operations and other things.
2014-05-14 15:41:53	chance	maybe i do need a serial port library
2014-05-14 15:42:15	Ramereth	or at least some type of terminal library
2014-05-14 15:47:56	Ramereth	i really feel like you're doing things in the raw when a library should be able to handl e what you're doing
2014-05-14 15:48:12	chance	well
2014-05-14 15:48:37	chance	firstly, most things in Go can be easily done with the stdlib, secondly not many libraries exist, and finally the goserial library espects a file
2014-05-14 15:48:59	chance	i might be able to open a connection, which returns a connection object, but im not sure if i can use that as a file
2014-05-14 15:48:59	Ramereth	a socket file?
2014-05-14 15:49:06	chance	well its a socket object that i get
2014-05-14 15:49:12	Ramereth	why not use a socket file then?
2014-05-14 15:49:22	chance	cause you dont do that really
2014-05-14 15:49:23	Ramereth	qemu will do that
2014-05-14 15:49:28	Ramereth	why?
2014-05-14 15:49:53	chance	oh well qemu could, but since VNC uses a connection, it would make switching them out easier
2014-05-14 15:50:01	chance	if both connected to a socket
2014-05-14 15:50:13	Ramereth	why does it matter how vnc uses tcp when serial will use a file?
2014-05-14 15:50:13	chance	using a normal file makes that less easy
2014-05-14 15:50:53	chance	because serial can also use tcp, which would make the interface the same
2014-05-14 15:51:12	Ramereth	seems like you're trying to force using tcp
2014-05-14 15:51:20	Ramereth	but i fail to see why
2014-05-14 15:51:21	chance	plus i havent tried the goserial package but it requries cgo, which is a pain since it needs to be compiled for each platform
2014-05-14 15:51:41	Ramereth	a platform being what exactly?
2014-05-14 15:51:41	chance	so that makes packer less portable, and im not sure exactly where it stands in that regard
2014-05-14 15:51:47	chance	osx/windows/linux
2014-05-14 15:52:08	chance	it looks like it already cross compiles though
2014-05-14 15:52:12	Ramereth	he builds it for each platform
2014-05-14 15:52:19	Ramereth	seems like a non-issue to me
2014-05-14 15:52:20	chance	idk, it *shouldnt* be too hard to use a socket
2014-05-14 15:52:30	Ramereth	i mean, serial uses a socket anyways so it makes sense to me
2014-05-14 15:52:35	Ramereth	doing serial of tcp seems odd to me
2014-05-14 15:52:37	chance	i just dont know anything about how to properly send non alphabetic characters
2014-05-14 15:52:38	Ramereth	*over
2014-05-14 15:52:48	chance	they're all files
2014-05-14 15:52:51	chance	doesnt matter what it is
2014-05-14 15:52:59	chance	the interface is just slightly different for opening them
2014-05-14 15:53:22	chance	the only different is a serial connection can open a file using iosterm stuff and things
2014-05-14 15:53:37	chance	in any case, i still use the same function to send data over to the otherside
2014-05-14 15:53:43	chance	its write() in anycase, no matter what
2014-05-14 15:54:14	chance	im able to send and recieve data, so it doesnt matter how im connecting. what matters is how to send the right characters to do things that arent visible characters, like move left and right
2014-05-14 15:54:23	chance	which wouldnt change if i used a normal file for serial or not
2014-05-14 15:54:44	Ramereth	are you using ascii codes?
2014-05-14 15:54:47	chance	im trying
2014-05-14 15:55:11	chance	i dont know how they work in all these different terminal types though, and some i can get working, others i cant, some work locally, some dont work over the serial connectio
2014-05-14 15:55:28	chance	if i could actually figure out how to use the ascii codes that would sure help
2014-05-14 15:55:46	Ramereth	seems like that might be the core of the problem then
2014-05-14 15:55:55	chance	thats what ive been saying
2014-05-14 15:55:56	Ramereth	i mean you're not doing anything that fancy, just sending characters
2014-05-14 15:56:00	chance	i know
2014-05-14 15:56:08	chance	thats why ive been asking you for information on how that stuff works
2014-05-14 15:56:11	chance	cause ive got no clue
2014-05-14 15:56:37	Ramereth	i only know at a basic level. I don't know the lower level information about it
2014-05-14 15:56:43	chance	like sending the escape key, apparently thats 033 in octal, so i need to make 033 into an int, and then into a string, write that. i understand that part
2014-05-14 15:56:44	Ramereth	you'd need to do a little research to learn that
2014-05-14 15:56:59	mathuin	You need to turn it into a character, not a string.
2014-05-14 15:57:19	chance	there is no character in go, so its a string
2014-05-14 15:57:24	Ramereth	mathuin: have you ever worked on this stuff before?
2014-05-14 15:57:48	chance	actually there are runes
2014-05-14 15:58:20	mathuin	Ramereth: yes, at Rackable, with our serial console product.
2014-05-14 15:58:37	mathuin	I have been talking with chance about it a little.
2014-05-14 15:58:43	Ramereth	oh good :)
2014-05-14 15:58:53	chance	so i have \033, escape
2014-05-14 15:58:56	mathuin	but we were bit-banging on the hardware so we had a little more control.
2014-05-14 15:58:57	chance	how about [
2014-05-14 15:59:00	chance	what do i do with that?
2014-05-14 15:59:07	chance	do i leave it, or change it into octal, or ?
2014-05-14 15:59:12	mathuin	You leave it as [
2014-05-14 15:59:18	mathuin	Because it's a printable character.
2014-05-14 15:59:19	mathuin	ESC isn't.
2014-05-14 15:59:21	chance	okay
2014-05-14 15:59:32	chance	so i have a string "\033[1d"
2014-05-14 15:59:39	chance	that should move left 1 character in VT-100
2014-05-14 15:59:48	chance	but ive got this POSIX terminal interface im dealing with
2014-05-14 15:59:54	mathuin	I think that will work.  It's possible the digit might get angry, but yes.
2014-05-14 15:59:55	chance	which idk how that relates to vt100, if it does
2014-05-14 16:00:24	chance	im looking at the posix termianl interface stuff and dont see any sequences for left/right arrow things really
2014-05-14 16:00:29	chance	so thats another problem
2014-05-14 16:00:43	chance	there's all these varyign things and i dont know how to make heads or tails of which to use and which are right/wrong
2014-05-14 16:00:45	chance	anyways
2014-05-14 16:00:47	chance	meeting time
2014-05-14 16:06:11	jnoah	MaraJade: dev meeting
2014-05-14 16:06:14	jnoah	4-5pm
2014-05-14 16:06:34	MaraJade	jnoah: I left already
2014-05-14 16:07:23	jnoah	yeah, might want to put it on your calendar.
2014-05-14 16:07:34	jnoah	are you available during that time?
2014-05-14 16:10:16	MaraJade	Depends on the amount of homework I have
2014-05-14 16:15:12	jnoah	ok. meetings are important, so we may try and find a time that works.
2014-05-14 16:48:22	chance	mathuin: i dont have terminfo :(
2014-05-14 16:49:26	mathuin	does infocmp work?
2014-05-14 16:51:42	chance	ah yeah
2014-05-14 16:53:42	chance	remind me again what i do to send ^H?
2014-05-14 16:54:14	chance	or
2014-05-14 16:54:56	chance	[A
2014-05-14 16:55:02	chance	just \0333[A maybe
2014-05-14 17:00:18	chance	urg
2014-05-14 17:07:31	chance	mathuin: tried goncurses
2014-05-14 17:07:49	chance	used the KEY_UP constant which is imported from ncurses.h using Cgo
2014-05-14 17:08:07	chance	but it just gives ă in string representation and 259 as an int
2014-05-14 22:12:11		irc: disconnected from server
